Group Project Structure:

○ Saturday (13/7) - Review/Discuss the Project and agree on tasks
○ Saturday to Sunday (13/7) - Map out you individual plan end to end
○ Sunday (14/7) - Share on individual plan with team for greenlight
○ Sunday (14/7) - Individual start working on their Project
○ Monday (15/7) - Continue working on individual tasks
○ Tuesday (16/7) - All tasks complete and start compiling final project.
○ Wednesday (17/7) - Complete all project deliverables
○ Thursday (18/7) - Rehearse and submit deliverable on canvas


Modeling Project Process Steps:

 ○ Introduction (craft an appropriate overview and business understanding using the business problem).
	§ Overview
	§ Business understanding & objectives
	
○ Data understanding
	§ Explain the data in a paragraph or two 
	§ Import necessary libraries
	§ Load dataset into dataframe
	§ Inspect the dataframe (df.shape; df.info; df.description etc) and 
	§ comment on the data
	
○ EDA & Data Cleaning 
	§ Drop/Fill null values, 
	§ Check and remove Duplicates, 
	§ Check for outliers and remove them
	
○ Data Preparation
	§ Feature inspection (use e.g. scatter matrix, histograms, pairplot, heatmap)
	§ Select Relevant Columns (comment on why each feature is selected and cross-validate them with e.g., scatter matrix, pairplot, heatmap etc ) 
	§ Clean relevant columns further if necessary 
	§ Check for regression assumptions
	
○ Modelling - perform iterative modelling by selecting different features. Build 2-3 models and comment on them based on regression metrics such as mean absolute error (mae) and r-squared. (NB: You can first build a simple regression model with the best feature, then add the second with two features, and then the third with three features and compare them)
	§ Define X and y (Separate Feature & Target)
	§ Test-Train Split; 
	§ Scale data if necessary (standardscaler)
	§ model=Linear Regression()

○ Validation (Regression Results); use at least 2 important parameter estimates or statistics. For example.
	§ Mean absolute error
	§ RMSE
	§ r-squared
	§ Feature coefficients
	§ Discuss the best model and why it is the best in 1 - 3 paragraphs.
	
○ Conclusions based on business objectives.
	§ Make recommendation that are in line with the business objectives.


Tue 16/7 - Initiate first notebook draft
Wed 17/7 - Finalize notebook and draft readme
Thu 18/7 - Finalize all deliverables and submit
